I mean firebot lien though I definitely
want to be the best balling haha well he
just went 11 zero and four I'm joined
right now by Cody Sun after a pretty
interesting upset I would say upset you
tell me if I'm wrong against cloud nine
it wasn't upset well the coverage
presented by Omni slash I've got him
here we're gonna talk about a couple
things so first off it felt as though
there was kind of a Dark Age 400 thieves
and maybe you guys are climbing out of
it maybe you can explain to me what
happened there and sort of how you guys
are starting to look better I mean yeah
we went on that really big losing streak
and you know everything seems pretty
pretty doomed so we're like what are we
doing guys
every practice and every LCS game as
well but I mean we just kept kept our
heads high and just kept trying grinding
you know and practice and trying to get
better and I think I mean this game was
a pretty good showing but you know we're
not there yet so we still got some
things to work out yeah were what do you
think was going wrong was it just
in-game stuff was it the team like why
why did you guys start slipping I think
it was just everything was just
collapsing and you know I think it
happens with like most new teams where
you always get into like a slump before
you can actually improve and get better
so I think you know are we started off
pretty like okay I think that's kind of
like you know honeymoon phase and then
once we went into the slump and now
we're getting going back up I think it's
we're finally like improving now as a
team so what allowed you to get out of
that slump was it like probably coaching
was you guys having meetings like what
well how did you guys address and solve
the issues it's just mostly just talking
with everyone I think you know since
we're a new team no one knows each other
when you're kind of in that sort of
slump you just should meet you just need
to try to get on the same page
so for me obviously I started off you
know talking a lot with afro and just
like trying to get on the same page with
him and then you know meteos with some
day because they had a lot of issues in
the beginning too so I mean once we kind
of figured out these sorts of like
stylistic differences then I think yeah
now we're kind of on the same page let's
talk about that cloud 9 game you super
popped off what allowed you to do so
well because again like 1104 that's we
rarely see that in an LCS game
especially North America where we get a
lot of con fiestas mm-hmm um I mean for
me it's pretty normal because that's
usually the kind of score I get in
scrims
but I was never able to show it in LCS
so so you just on sneaky is that
right just all over him huh now mostly
cuz afro Atlantis some really great
hooks so actually we didn't practice
thrashing screams either he kind of just
like pulled it up today and I was like
go for a man so yeah you just picked
Thresh and Amanda they were hook and I'm
like well you're landing everything and
this never happens is he is he yeah I
mean is he do you think that he's
getting better and improving as well cuz
a lot of people talk a lot about the
veteran players and how well their
mechanics can hold up over time yeah I
mean I guess I care a lot about
mechanics so um I felt I guess much
better since he hit challenger cuz I
know less I mean last season he was like
a masters for a long time but yeah I
feel like his mechanics have definitely
improved in the past few weeks and I
think you know that's really good on him
before wanting to improve his mechanics
nice alright so what now that you guys
are coming climbing out of the hole what
is in store for hundred thieves where do
you think you can land
um I wanna I'm always aiming for first
place but you know it's it seems pretty
hard out considering like the score or
anything but I mean top three even
you know top five or something just I'm
only making the playoffs I'm pretty
satisfied but I mean firebot leaned
though I definitely want to be the best
balling and speaking of the standings
how good is echo Fox right now because
they now especially with you guys to
hang cloud nine out in a game they have
a pretty good lead on everybody you know
what what do you think of that team in
general um I mean there's a lot of memes
about echo fox being like bitcoin and
stuff and then he still they still seem
really stable even whether this is week
six or week five yeah so I mean I guess
I'm still waiting for them the boomba
yeah but yeah I don't know maybe they'll
just keep on winning anything you want
to say to any of your fans
um I mean thanks very willing to support
me and watch my stream follow my Twitter
you know yeah I mean afro and I was
finally starting to click and I'm hoping
to keep on synergizing with him and keep
on showing great games in the future
thank you so much Cody for the interview
for everyone so you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
hey guys it's Travis cafard from no
eSports company because I still don't
have a job but you know if you like me
you could support me at Travis Khafre
comm slash support do it Thanks Omni
slash